This programme contains adult humour
and strong language.
I'm sorry I woke everybody up.
We could give the kids earplugs.
Or sedate them.
Oh, bollocks! First in the SACK race.
And they've capitalised "sack", in
case anybody thought it was a piece
about what a good sack racer I am.
I have to go, I'm being carjacked
by a Jock. Carjocked.
I'm very happy
with my broadband provider.
We've other meetings around that
time, and I need to see all those.
Glenn, can you put stuff with
staples through a shredder? No.
Yes, you can. It does credit cards.
Who's going to break
the news to Nicola?
I'm going to do that
and do it alone.
I'm going to give her the
pre-briefing and I'll blind her
with bad press and bumf.
You do the...back of the neck.
You've seen
the sack race thing, I suppose.
It's not funny.
It's not even accurate,
because I was fourth,
so they should have said
I was fourth in the sack race.
I think we should
complain to the PCC.
Stop worrying. The PM isn't
going to sack you after a week.
Sacked after 12 months,
it looks like you've fucked up.
Sacked after a week,
it looks like he's fucked up.
I'm not doing terribly, am I?
I love the way they've
sand-blasted everything around here.
It's so clean.
You've no time to shred those.
Please take them to the lavatory.
Did she just say take them
to the lavatory? Are you going
to stand there like that? Yes.
Are you going to give her an arch?
Just go and get her. She'll
never guess there's anything wrong.
Fucking idiot. I'd just like people
to get to know the real me.
I feel I come across as a bit...
I dunno, glum. Smug.
Smug? Yeah, you're coming
across more smug than glum.
Because I am actually quite a
fun person underneath all this.
I've got loads of friends.
Well, I'm sure you have.
But the trouble is that when
you say something like that,
it sounds a wee bit smug.
Can you just pull in over here?
And you can take out
that cyclist.
I think he's Shadow Cabinet.
Sorry. Could you meet
me at the door tomorrow?
It's like carrying two fridges in.
Yes.
Right, the lunch.
I've gone with the Guardian.
I thought maybe not the Mail.
They might be nice to your face,
then brand you
a man-hating Euro-slag.
Ollie, if you had to choose three
nasty adjectives that described me,
what would they be? I'm sorry?
Malcolm mentioned a pejorative word
I hadn't thought of before,
so I'm keen to get your take.
OK. Top three. Yes.
Um...
sour?
OK.
Grumpy.
And uptight.
Yeah, OK.
I mean, why not egg-and-spoon?
Egg-and-spoon would have
been better than sack.
Yeah, but, egg on face. She must
go spooner rather than later.
If you'd dropped it, Yolk-o Oh No.
Morning. Secretary of State.
Yes. Something terrible has happened.
Lovely, Terri. Beautifully finessed.
What? It's my duty to advise you
of Appendix 4 of the Data
Protection Act's advisory notes
to government departments.
It sounds like you're arresting me.
Appendix what? Shut it, we'll
ask the questions here, Ma'am.
I was being a policewoman.
Somebody explain in simple terms
what has happened,
because at the moment I think I've
wandered in to a cryptic crossword
compiled by Rumpel-fucking-stiltskin.
Basically, every British citizen
who has arrived here in the
last seven-and-a-half months,
their names have been wiped.
The immigration database is blank.
Oh, fuck! Oh!
Fuck! This is a fucking disaster.
The last hope was that Ollie had
it on that thing, what is it?
A memory, er, stick.
I only said it because it looked
like you were going to self-harm.
They've got to be somewhere, surely.
They're not actually in that drawer.
I'm getting Nurofen, Terri.
Do you not back up, you people?
I back up. I don't even
know what backing up means.
I really thought today
we'd start the fightback.
And it looks as though
we've started the fightback
by beating ourselves up
and poking out our eyeballs
with our own fucking teeth.
Jesus. Right, who primarily
should I be shouting at?
Glenn. Oh, thank you very much.
I have the minutes here
which are a record...
You can't just overwrite minutes.
You specifically can't do it,
because you can't
unlock the PDF file.
Somebody has done a huge poo on
my desk and I want it cleared up.
My bum is clean, clean as a whistle.
And I'm going to tell you
something interesting.
Unless you take the hard drive
and smash it up with a hammer
or drop it in acid,
that data will be retrievable.
It says so on the BBC website.
I need a short list of people
who are responsible.
Glenn, will you bring me a short list
with your own name on it?
Malcolm's on his way over. Bugger.
Does he know? I don't think so.
Do you want me to go and ask?
No, don't ask him. All right!
We need to cancel the Guardian lunch.
No. No. No. That would be
a ridiculous signal to do that.
It's the kind of signal
a dying whale sends out. Noooo!
We lost the immigration figures!
Sort of a signal.
Would you all please just fuck out of
my office for a long time. Very good.
I got you a croissant.
Morning, desk jockeys.
Is glummy mummy in?
I think she's on the phone.
Right, so why don't I just cool my
heels here? Good morning, Malcolm.
Do you know, Malcolm...
the best way to clear a paper jam?
I don't know.
Kill a kid an hour
until it sorts itself out?
Excellent timing, Malcolm.
So if you could sort out
the sack race situation
that would be terrific.
What would you like to do on that?
Ideally, build a time machine
so we can go back and not invite
photographers to the sports day.
If I fail to build a time machine?
Just sit on it really, Terri.
Stop it growing.
Zap it, like a tumour.
Thank you. Yes.
So, Malcolm.
Oh, incoming body parts, excuse me.
If this has got any bigger,
you are going to feel the thump of
a fucking harpoon in your thorax.
Does he know? Follow him.
I hope you like shitting toenails,
because that is what you're going
to be doing all of next week.
I've painted them yellow so
they look like fucking sweetcorn.
The guy is a fucking liability.
Jesus Christ.
Listen, I'm talking to myself...
I couldn't hear everything.
He takes very long strides.
What are you? A fucking penguin?
Just run.
Look, I'm a civil servant,
not a fucking Olympic athlete.
Right, what's occurring,
Hermann Goering?
What?
You're fucking kidding me.
Excuse me.
Two minutes and I will be back.
I'm fucking OK for bollocks, mate.
That's it. He knows.
Do you want me to follow him again?
Yes, yes, no, YES! I'm Secretary
of State, yes. Do what I say.
How is that list going? Who have we
covered, Glenn? Who's on the list?
It's not a big list.
Well, get going on the bloody list.
Hi, Robyn.
Hey, look, you know Phil Davis?
Is he a Davies or a Davis?
I know you don't like me, Glenn,
but you're not sacking me.
FALSE LAUGHTER
It's an inappropriate way.
I'm protecting you!
OK, well
I've got your back as well...
even though I know you are
the guy who authorised
the wiping of the back-up.
Well, that may or may not be true.
Well, it is true.
Well, it may or it may not be true.
Well, that is true.
FALSE LAUGHTER
The benefit of a short-term
strategy is that it allows you
to develop a long-term strategy.
Explain it to them. We've just been
discussing the data loss incident.
Can we not call it the incident?
It sounds like a toxic spillage.
Kerfuffle?
How's the time machine coming
along, Terri? Have you managed
to find a flux capacitor yet?
Well, I had to go and fetch Glenn.
It was a joke. Doesn't matter.
I was thinking that one possible
strategy might be not to tell
anybody. What, keep it a secret?
Sorry, sorry, Malcolm's coming back.
Tell me more
about not saying anything.
It's pretty self-explanatory.
Or not. Robyn,
maybe you can get us some teas.
OK, what does everybody want?
I'll make a little list,
shall I, Glenn?
A cappuccino, please.
A herbal please, a lemon zinger.
Really? Yes, please.
Little pigs. Little pigs.
Let me come in.
Don't worry about the hair
on your chinny chin chin.
So what was your call?
What was my call?
Did you...
You want to know what my call was?
Was it important?
I'm sorry, I didn't realise I had
to run all my calls through your
bed wetters' switchboard here.
I usually just dial 118.
Malcolm, do you know?
Obviously he knows.
No, he doesn't!
There has been a massive
irretrievable data loss.
The last seven months' worth of
new immigrant details have gone,
apparently lost in the computer.
Oh ho, ho, ho...
D'you know what's really fucking
sad here
is that I don't even have the energy
to pretend I already knew.
Which is for the best, because
I'm going to need all of my fucking
energy to fucking rip all of your...
bodies to bits with my bare hands,
and sell off, yes sell off your
fucking flayed skin as a sleeping
bag to a fucking normal person.
Can I just say that getting angry
isn't going to help?
I've done anger, I'm currently at
grief and I'm working my way towards
bargaining, whatever.
You're behind me.
So, what is your great strategy
for dealing with this?
Come on, I'm fucking all ears.
I'm fucking Andrew Marr here.
So, Terri, let's hear...
Let's go, let's get going.
High-level tactical discussion.
I'm up for it. Right,
blaming the department minister
might be a high-risk strategy.
Oh, high risk. Saucy. Power serve.
My pitch would be this department
is fatally flawed.
It's out of condition, obese,
asthmatic... Back over the net. You
need to be really sure about that.
Yes, wise words from
the distinguished, elderly,
gay fucking tennis coach here.
Seriously, I think we should talk
about my strategy further, because
I really think that's the way...
Yeah, the fucking wee ball-boy's
having a go now, with his wee
fucking tight shorts on.
What about Sue Barker's little
sister? What's she got to say?
Have you got something to say,
to add to the conversation?
No, just that there
was no lemon zinger,
so this is just a coffee.
Is that all right?
Do the Guardian know about this?
Oh, fart. I don't fucking
Guardian, I don't know.
Yes, as it's referred
to in my department.
Shall I find out? Get some feelers?
Yeah, go on, get your
feelers out for the lads.
What do you think, Malcolm?
Shitting on the department?
Will that work?
Yes, let's cause a
little bit of friction.
Let's fire someone.
What about Glenn?
No, you can't just fire Glenn like
that. Well, we could fire Glenn.
Shall I get his file?
No, I've got a list.
See? There you are, he's got a list.
You're a new broom,
you're sweeping up
trouble with one end,
broom-handling incompetent
staff up the tunnel with the other.
So, Malcolm, how do we
play it at the Guardian?
Smile, be gay.
Smile, smile, smile.
So, who's going to be there? Plenty.
There's going to be all the hacks.
There's the editor, the leader
writer, all the political staff...
...unfortunately, I heard that
that so-called cartoonist
is going to be there.
You know the one who drew the picture
of you smothering the dove of peace
with your breasts,
for no apparent reason?
D'you want to run any policy stuff?
Any lines? What about the
plastic versus wooden toys thing?
Oh God, no. That was 4:00am stuff
to be filed away
with community support park-keepers.
Complete top of the head stuff.
No, no. I think this is about
showing the real Nicola.
Operation not smug, not glum.
Well, I'm told this lunch
is on the 5th floor.
It's taking a while.
Maybe we should just walk.
I'm not walking to the 5th floor.
I would actually like to be able to
speak by the time we get up there.
No, look. If I go in to the lift,
I become convinced that I'm going
to die, so I'm going to walk.
I'm sorry.
Claustrophobic. I'm sorry.
I'll just check that
for the duration of the lunch
we're all off the record.
We're are happy to be on.
No, off is best.
It's a bit like when
the snooker comes on, on the telly.
You know, just off, off.
How's it going with her?
How are you finding her? Nicola?
Very...
Good. Fun.
Hello! Hello, Nicola Murray.
Hello, Nicola Murray. Ooh,
this is all very formal, isn't it?
We need to lighten up.
I like to use the stairs sometimes
to, you know, just a bit of a laugh.
So, well done. Bit of a
baptism of fire, first week.
The whole I'm bent
thing and the sack race stuff.
Oh, God. Yes, that was annoying.
And hilarious.
Annoying and hilarious?
Yes, like Russell Brand.
You want to hate him,
but he's just funny.
It's like the current problems.
Which problems in particular?
Just asking. We're off the record.
I'm not playing any games with you,
I'm not tobogganing or anything like
that. Well, it's only been a week.
A lot of data to keep on top of,
I imagine.
It really is. Or are.
Is, are. Data, dunno. Plural?
Come on, you're the Guardian!
We do very much keep on top of it.
Or them. The datas.
That's a very important part of what
we do. And we back up everything.
All the time. Afternoon, ladies.
I heard there were sandwiches
and I'm a fucker for cress.
No, please don't get up. I'm not
Viagra. Geoffrey, good to see you.
John, how are you doing?
I just want to tell you,
I really enjoyed your novel...
Thank you very much. ..way of
writing a fucking awful story.
Joking, joking.
So! Hey? She's not smug.
She's not sour, is she?
Thanks, Malcolm.
What it is is that these bastards,
the other bastards, they are
selling her as smug and sour.
You know why that is?
Because she's a proper person with
dyed roots and stretch marks.
She's not one of these arseholes
that goes on The One Show
fucking laughing their heads off
about the Apprentice or whatever.
She's ordinary.
And they can't handle that, yes?
That's why we need you guys,
the good guys on side.
They've simply got to get
through you. You couldn't be closer.
I'll talk closer to you...
That's enough!
I don't want to do that.
Not with the old wandering
hands syndrome that you've got.
Have you managed to patch it up?
Not now.
Not now, Malcolm thanks.
Are you still sleeping in the car?
So Nicola, we talked about
immigration. What's going to happen
when there is the next
inevitable immigration foul-up?
How's that going to work? Look,
she's been in the job a week, right?
The department's shit,
they're fucking shit.
She's working her fucking
lady bollocks off trying to get
things done in there.
She's really doing all right.
All right?
Fuck's sake. Well, a week
is a short time in politics.
I think as a rule I will be very
happy to come and talk policy.
Fantastic. That's great. What's a
trademark Nicola Murray policy?
Well, there's the wooden
toys...thing.
Brilliant. We're knocking
about some ideas about plastics.
I'm aware that my kids'
toy box is full of plastic.
They have very few
of the wooden toys
that would've been traditionally
played with by their forefathers.
And fore...mothers.
Big family!
Plastics sometimes contain
carcinogens.
So, first step I think is going to
be trying to de-carcinogeni-size...
..toys. Mass de-carcinogenicide.
The simple message would be,
let's get back to wood.
Simple wooden toys.
For simple...people, children.
It's very early days.
And obviously we
will tighten that up a bit.
So? Good? Good. Good.
Good. Fine.
Good.
Funny old department
to come into, isn't it?
Obviously you shied away from
talking about it in there, but
immigration, is that all sorted now?
Right. We weren't sure
whether you knew or not...
Yes, that's DoSAC.
You say that, I had no idea
when I came in that we were
just haemorrhaging citizenship data.
Haemorrhaging?
Yeah, the last six months' worth.
Did you know? Well, we do now.
Thank God we off the record.
Bye bye, John. Lovely to meet you.
Sorry, bye bye.
I didn't catch your name?
It's Marianne.
Marianne, right.
You were at the lunch, weren't you?
No, I'm a freelancer.
I'm just doing some feature shifts.
Sorry, Marianne!
You were behind us just now
coming down the stairs, weren't you?
So you heard
what we were talking about.
But we were off the record so...
Well...very nice to meet you anyway.
Shit. Shit. Hey! French Lieutenant's
woman, we're over here. Come on.
What are you doing?
Marking out your territory?
Welcome to the mother ship.
I need some air.
Ollie...open the door.
She's not a post-match puker,
is she?
Come on! What is it?
Over there, there's a woman, with
red hair, woman on the phone. She
was behind me on the stairs.
I thought she was off the record,
she was on the record,
so I need you to go over
and take whatever was on
the record off the record.
What...?
Don't be thick! For once just go
over there and just say it's off.
Say whatever it was is off the
record. Go, now, run! All right!
I don't know what she said.
Yep.
I'm going to miss my
wine-tasting again tonight.
I expect you're probably
more a single malt man.
I quite like her at times.
For fuck's sake. Have we not
both got BlackBerries to check?
Marion, I'm not threatening you,
but... What? Like I said,
I'm not threatening you...
Usually the phrase,
"I'm not threatening you, but..."
is followed by a threat.
I'm sorry, Malcolm.
I'm really sorry.
Fuck's sake!
Jesus Christ! Now we've got another
fucking adjective to add to
fucking smug and glum, haven't we?
Fucking retarded! Jesus!
Do you not think it would be germane
to check who you're talking to?
It's a fucking newspaper office.
It's not a fucking sanatorium
for the fucking deaf, is it?
Are you so dense?
I'm now going to have to run around
slapping badges on people.
I'll put a big tick on some and
a big cross on others, so you know
when to shut your gob
and when to open it!
Jesus Christ! That would probably
confuse you as well, won't it?
That'd be too confusing.
You'll see the cross and think,
"X marks the spot".
Better tell this little person
about the Prime Minister's
catastrophic erectile dysfunction.
Oh, but not to worry, not to worry.
You've sent Ollie over there...
Fucking Ollie? He's a fucking
knitted scarf, that twat.
He's a balaclava.
You're on very shaky legal ground.
No, I'm really not. Am I? ..Oh.
Look, the department's not
fit for purpose, really.
No, it's not. Terri's quite bad...
Not just Terri, I'm not going to
name names, but there's Robyn.
Robyn's shit.
All right. Fuck off.
I'm sure we can settle
this matter of...
You were eavesdropping
on a private conversation?
It was a public conversation.
No, you think you're so clever
and you are so totally wanking with
the wrong crowd here, because...
This man, right,
this man is the press.
I mis-spoke and I mis-saw you.
Nicola. Fuck. What've I done?
D'you think this is going
to advance your career?
At least my career's
got a trajectory,
whereas yours is about to crash
head-on into a change of government.
Don't you worry, because I can
still steer some fucking flaming
wreckage in your direction.
Once it's printed,
I promise I'll come back to you
for reaction quote. How's that?
Darling, I wouldn't fucking piss on
you if you were allergic to piss.
On the you go. Walk the walk.
Fuck right off. Go on.
We'll live through this, won't we?
Nicola, I've got the list
whenever you're ready. I'm ready now.
I can do it in reverse order like the
pop charts. How was meet the press?
Not great. They didn't know
about the data loss, they do now.
OK. Well, off the record,
they can't use any of it.
No, I was ambushed by a
not-off-the-record journalist.
Never mind! Onwards and upwards!
Oh, fuck! From now on, none
of us let her out of our sight.
She's not to be trusted.
Sorry, Minister. Terri?
Yes? Where in the Civil Service
guidelines does it say that it's
absolutely fine to leave
your minister alone
with a hostile journalist
if you just can't be arsed
to walk down the stairs?
I'd already pressed the button.
However, it was supposed
to be on Ollie's stick,
so he is the last man standing.
Hey! At least I know how to use a
stick, Mr Floppy. Have you finished?
Well, no.
I imagine I'm going to have to be
doing it over and over again until
you go on the fucking course.
OK. Let's call a truce.
Let's agree that nobody in this
room is going to be sacked, OK?
For now. I've still got the original
list here, let's start with that.
Top of the list is Kelly Peters. No.
Why not? She's a very nice girl,
Kelly Peters. She's very kind.
She often lends me hardbacks.
Terri, the Mail is on the phone.
Christ.
Don't worry, I'll deal with it.
I'll deal with it.
Robyn?
What? Yeah. No, absolutely not.
There are too many implications.
We simply cannot go with the
idea of sacking Robyn. OK?
Are you sleeping with her? What? No!
Although every time he does see her
in his head he just hears...
# Bam-chicka-bam-bam... #
Ollie! It just seems to me that all
we'd be losing if we got rid of
Robyn is somebody who makes
a week cup of tea.
PHONE RINGS
Shit. Malcolm. Hello.
Get over here, now.
It might be advisable to wear
brown trousers. And a shirt
the colour of blood.
It has all gone HBO.
I have got to go to Number Ten now.
Now? Need a coat and you, Terri.
Really? Fuck shoes!
Do you want me to come with you too?
Yes.
Shit. OK, we're off.
I'm wondering whether to
take the lift, no I can't.
I just wanted to see to you
by the way of introductory remarks
that I'm extremely miffed about
today's events.
In my quest to try and make
you understand the level of my
unhappiness, I'm likely to use
an awful lot of what we would call
violent sexual imagery.
I just wanted to check
that neither of you would be
terribly offended by that.
I could actually do without
the theatrics, Malcolm. Enough.
E-fucking-nuff.
You need to learn
to shut your fucking cave, right?
Today, you have laid your first
big, fat egg of solid fuck.
You took the data loss
media strategy and you ate it
with a lump of E-coli.
Then you sprayed it out
of your arse at 300 mph.
I simply made a mistake, Malcolm.
You got on the record
and off the record mixed up.
What would have happened if
George Martin had done that?
There would be no
fucking Beatles, that's what.
I don't give a fuck about that.
I've had to sit next to Paul
McCartney at fucking Chequers.
The data loss wasn't my fault.
I tell you what, it came out
pretty fast once you were
in there, didn't it?
Which makes me wonder should
I just go and talk to the boss,
should I tell him
I don't think she's up to the job.
You said if he sacked me after a
week it looks like he's fucked up.
But that was before, when your only
problem was a shit pun in a newspaper
and a face like Dot Cotton
licking piss off a nettle.
OK. I messed up. I messed up but...
I will from now on listen to
every bit of advice you give me.
I'll go on Question Time wearing
a push-up bra and a fez.
I'll do the hustings on stilts
if that is what
you tell me the strategy is because
you know about that stuff, Malcolm.
I know that. It's just that I've got
things that I want to do, all right?
Of course you do.
You want to sort out rocking horses?
No. The Mail have the
mother lode on this, right.
That means there is a way
through this for us but it entails
you, my dear, eating a complete
concrete mixer full of humble pie.
What's the strategy?
The Kraken awakes. No, it's just that
this is the first bit of the meeting
there hasn't been without expletives
and fezzes and stilts
and tea bagging.
This is the bit that
relates to media management.
I didn't say anything
about tea bagging.
D'you know what that is?
Not really, no.
I'm told it's unpleasant.
Who do you want me to call?
The Mail. Get them in.
OK, Cheeky Girls, back on tour.
Love your work.
This is Marianne from the Mail.
I've told you
who I want you to fire.
I want you to do it,
not me, because I'm
relatively popular around here and
frankly you've got nothing to lose.
This is it, Robyn.
This is me true to my word.
Andrew, mate. Sorry, nothing
personal. Clear your desk and go.
Please don't hit me,
I'm wearing glasses.
I'd just like to say to your readers
that the person responsible is being
fast-tracked to the dole
queue as fast as her kitten heels
will carry her.
You need to leave your badge.
Security. Stick it.
Andrew, please don't
take it like this, please.
We're going to sort this mess out.
Andrew!
What is going on out there?
That was...
the person responsible.
Didn't you say something
about kitten heels?
It's never a pretty business
but he made mistakes.
And he had to go.
Ollie, perhaps you could
show Marianne to the lifts.
Actually I thought I might
take the stairs and see what else
I can pick up on my way out.
Very funny.
Hi, Nicola.
Nicola, you all right?
Robyn, could you get me some tea?
Now.
Um...bad moment?
You sacked the wrong person.
They're all bad moments.
Glenn, how is she?
She looks so glum.
She looks like I feel
when I visit Sheffield.
The Guardian didn't like us
going on the record to the Mail.
I did try and spin it.
I got them to take "frowny" out.
No, you didn't, that is
the second adjective.
Well, I did do something.
Nicola Murray, looking glum
and frowny, was overheard...
Glenn, mate. What would you do if you
found that a dongle that everybody
thought was lost was right at
the bottom of your second-best bag?
I don't think we'd want it back.
One of her gems is a plan
to outlaw plastic toys.
Right now, Ollie, Nicola hates us.
If she knew we'd found it,
she'd start laughing.
Hating is better then laughing.
Trust me.
Why anyone would want a brand her
a killjoy or sourpuss is beyond us.
That's it, "sourpuss".
They wanted to put "sour",
I suggested the puss. Morning.
I'll see if I can find
a hammer and some acid.